Project/src/analyzer/README.md, before:

# File Type Analyzer #
## a HyperSkill.org project ##
### in progress ###

> This is my code from HyperSkill's File Type Analyzer Project.
>
> The program will determine a file type by searching a specific pattern in it.
>
> It will go by all of the files in a folder and check them for the pattern.
> Each file will be checked in a different thread, based on the amount available in your processor
>
> Takes 3 arguments
>
>> 1.Folder - the path to a folder with files / other folders.
>>
>> 2.Pattern - the pattern to search for.
>>
>> 3.Result - the string you want to be printed if the pattern is found in the file
>
>
> In the case the pattern will not be found in the file,
> the program will print "Unknown file type"


### Course ###

> Java

### Copyright ###

> The course has a copywrite by Hyperskill and JetBrains. I'm just putting my solutions here for anyone stuck at a problems.
>
> If you like the courses questions then please consider buying the course at [HyperSkill.org](https://hyperskill.org/)

Commit message:

Rabin-Karp and some style improvements
The search now uses the Rabin-Karp algorithm.
The patterns now need to be provided in a text file with the following structure:

int Priority; String "Pattern"; String "Result"
int Priority; String "Pattern"; String "Result"
...

Added a pattern object to hold the patterns from the file.

Removed the file extractor. Extracting of the files from the folder is now happening as a stream in the main function.

Added some lambdas for short functions to improve readability.

Updated the topics.

Finished working on this project

Project/src/analyzer/README.md, after:

# File Type Analyzer #
## a HyperSkill.org project ##
### Completed ###

> This is my code from HyperSkill's File Type Analyzer Project.
>
> The program will determine a file type by searching a specific pattern in it.
>
> It will go by all of the files in a folder and check them paterns, by usind the Rabin-Karp algorithm
> Each file will be checked in a different thread, each file will be checked with each pattern from a text file
>
> Takes 2 arguments
>
>> 1.Folder - the path to a folder with files / other folders.
>> 2.Pattern Database - a pattern database, holding 3 parameters for each pattern:
>>
>> int Priority - the priority of the pattern. Higher priority patterns will be checked first
>> String Pattern - the pattern to check
>> String Result - the result to be printed if the pattern is found in the file)
>
> In the case the pattern will not be found in the file,
> the program will print "Unknown file type"


### Course ###

> Java

### Copyright ###

> The course has a copywrite by Hyperskill and JetBrains. I'm just putting my solutions here for anyone stuck at a problems.
>
> If you like the courses questions then please consider buying the course at [HyperSkill.org](https://hyperskill.org/)
